Add content under Swift Basics section on the iOS roadmap (#6325)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/ios/content/swift-basics@fboebSmquyJyozsMRJDtK.md

# Swift Basics

> Take this quick [tour](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/documentation/the-swift-programming-language/guidedtour) on Swift to get a glimpse of what this beauitful language has to offer. It'll be a fun read.

Reviewer: Please follow the contribution guidelines; we prefer to have a brief introduction to the topic followed by resources.

```suggestion

Swift is a powerful and intuitive programming language for macOS, iOS, watchOS, and tvOS. Writing Swift code is interactive and fun, the syntax is concise yet expressive, and Swift includes modern features developers love. Swift code is safe by design, yet also produces software that runs lightning-fast.

Learn more from the following resources:

- [@official@Tour of Swift](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/documentation/the-swift-programming-language/guidedtour)
```
